1. What is your name?
Asnwer: Rahul Setrakian.
2. What is your profession or field of expertise?
Asnwer: I expertise in web development, software development, mainly python, and I am good at network admin work, and I can help in content creation
and digital marketing, and I am good at basic cybersecurity and basic IT stuff.
3. What type of work or projects do you specialize in?
Asnwer: mainly I work in making automation tools and softwares with python, and I also do web development, and cybersecurity projects.
4. What are some notable clients or companies you have worked with?
Asnwer: I have worked with My India Cab Service, and Blue City Cab
5. What are your key achievements or projects that you would like to highlight?
Asnwer: I have build a telegram bot which has been used more than thousand times, and I have also build channels around cybersecurity, and
and I have founded a community called Nonymous Community which is dedicated to free education in cybersecurity and programming. 
6. What are some specific areas or skills in which you have extensive experience?
Asnwer: cybersecurity, networking, basic IT skills and programming.
7. How many years of experience do you have in your field?
Asnwer: around 2 years
8. What are some of the technologies or tools you are proficient in?
Asnwer: Blockchain, Linux, Windows, Notion, Visual Code Studio, Figma, Git, Torrent, Tor, ChatGPT, Photoshop, After Effect, Canva ,Davinci Resolve, Office, 
Nmap, Metasploit, Wireshark, Nessus, Burpsuite, virtualbox.
9. What are your core values or principles in your work?
Asnwer: my core value can be described as a relentless pursuit of knowledge, driven by a passion for programming and cybersecurity. 
I possess a strong problem-solving mindset, thrive on self-motivation and autonomy, and demonstrate adaptability and resilience in 
the face of challenges. my curiosity and exploration are key drivers in my journey, allowing me to constantly learn, grow, and overcome 
obstacles.
10. What is your mission or purpose in your profession?
Asnwer: my mission is to learn and grow, by helping the community, by contributing to community, and helping the future generations to 
have free and good education.

